# School_Work
CIS 442 Project 
This project works thorugh the following methods. This a python file that has three functions a fileSignature() function, a ListMaskedFiles() function and a main() function. fileSignature() looks at the filePath parameter and then it reads the file signature that is stored in the hex value that I have in my dictionary in the main() function. Hex is the file signatures of the supposed specific file. 
The function ListMakedFiles() creates an empty list names masqueraded_files and using the os library I loop through the os.walk capability in order to go through all files and folders to look for the specific file path that will be asked from a user in the main() function. It then looks through each of the files that are found within the library and checks if the file extensions mataches any of the file signatures using the fileSignature function. If they meet the requirements they are stores in the masqueraded_files list.
The function main() has the dictionary that I use to check for whether the file extensions and the file signatures match within the files found within the files folders that are checked within the folder path and then checks for the masqueraded files and prints them out and if they don't find any masqueraded files it wil print out that they didn't find any files
To run this code go ahead and run it and then it should ask for a folder path to check any files within it. I copy the folder path as text and then press enter and it will return whether or not it found any and which are masqueraded
